[Welcome Death’s Wielder]

A man in a black robe walked through the empty street. The sound of wind blowing permeated his ears as he sat down on a wooden bench a few steps away from the white fountain.

He turned his gaze towards the glowing lanterns mounted on both sides of the streets and pondered upon the vast stretch of loneliness engulfing the street as he looked at the night sky riddled with bright stars.

‘Was it always this empty?’

A blazing fire flared up the air over his left; a streak of red circled him.

Looking at the starry sky, a sense of nostalgia rushed through his entire body. Every strand of muscle in his body loosened. He was lost in deep thoughts and questioned the reason for the empty streets.

“Was it because of some intentional game design?” “Or was it because of some bug?”

He sighed, stretching his hands all over the edge.

“Why do I feel a sense of belonging here?”

Though the street was empty, muttering a few words, the desolation vanished away.

<Eyes of Death>

The once empty street was now riddled with countless hazy figures in white roaming around; those were the lingering souls who failed to ascend the mortal realm.

(Master, will you collect them?)

The hovering sword resonated with the telepathic link with the voice of a young maiden, soft and cheerful, and continued to emit the hellish blue flames.

He replied with hints of uncertainty as he looked at the souls. A few of them were screaming, a few were crying, and some were fighting amongst themselves.

“No. Let this place be as it is. Let’s go somewhere else.”

(Where are we going?)

“Hmm... I haven’t thought of that yet.”

He rubbed his chin and looked at the sword.

“Why don’t we go to the Sword Valley? Don’t you think it’s time for you to get an upgrade?”

(...!)

The flames grew hotter, dazzled the lamps, and blinded his eyes.

“Don’t get too excited. We aren’t there yet.” He chuckled and let out a brief but warm smile. “Aren’t you curious about that place?”

(I am!!!)

Continuing his chuckling, he grabbed a golden letter out of a bluish portal.

[Sword King’s Invitation]

<The Sword King has taken an interest in you and invited you to visit him at the Sword Valley>

<Number of uses: 1/1>

[The Sword Valley] 

<A mysterious place rumored to be the birthplace of the first ego>

Carved with ruins unknown to him, the letter emitted a strong and mysterious aura.

Tearing it in two, the air sizzled with golden sparks. 

The space bent, a silver portal popped out in existence, and taking a deep breath, he entered the portal. 

Although he showed no sign of distress, his guard was on. It was one of the few places in the entire world he knew nothing about.

Bright letters in gold hovering in the air welcomed him with a dozen notifications.

[You are the first person to visit the Sword Valley]

[Your Sword Master will increase to Master level]

<You are an existence higher than a Sword Master>

<Rewards deemed insufficient>

[You gained the Sword Essence of a Master]

<While a Master looks after his disciple, a Hero looks after all of humanity>

<Rewards deemed insufficient>

[The Royal Treasury welcomes you and gifts you any item of your choice]

[The Sword King is waiting for you]

The dozens of notifications overlapping hid his face.

The unwavering eyes wavered, witnessing the magnificence of the scenery. His heart throbbed in a mixture of fear in excitement, as no one; not even he, the sole maker of the world, knew what was lurking behind the breathtaking scenery.

His blue pupils reflecting a nebulous glint of silver, turned around observing every nook and cranny and stopped as they fell onto a crystalline wall bounding the portal. 

Reflecting the light in a rainbow, the portal closed on touching the wall as if it never existed.

<A Hero of the past is rewriting history>

[The Sword Valley recognizes your strength]

<Your achievements are being analyzed>

[The title Sword Maniac is roaring as if it wants to dominate over the world]

[Your Sainthood bares and reveals itself to the world]

He wryly at the floating blue boxes in displeasure.

“Who wrote these lines?”

[The Sword Valley is observing you]

<With vague achievements, a great evil lurks at the tip of your sword>

[New Gods are protesting against your affiliation while the Old Gods are smiling as if they already know the answer]

<With vague actions, great virtue courses through your veins>

[Dukes of Hell are looking at you with different expressions]

He bit his lips, his left brow raised in slight displeasure.

“These...” he looked at the sky and then at the ground. “How long will they keep butting in?”

[Please wait...]

<Your affiliation has been decided>

[X laughs at Demons and Gods looking at your affiliation]

Obsidian black hair, murky blue eyes, and a chiseled nose. It was how he looked.

With his username Glitch, he hoarded the hidden pieces. Oasis, a game with which his past entangled itself like a puzzle, trapping him for eternity.

*****

Click... Clack... Click...

Fingers moving across the keyboard at lightning speed, feet rubbing over each other. A man was typing on a chair.

“Hey! Agnus, why am I here? Wasn’t this your job?” he asked in a slightly frustrated voice.

“...”

He stared at the long green lines of code, swarming at the black screen in hopes of getting a reply, but he got none; it was an awkward silence.

Swish...

A wind came through the window behind his left and blew away the curtains. And so did the sun peep through the somewhat covered window; the sunlight falling on the screen reflected his gloomy, pale face.

“Agnus... do you think it’s time for me to go back?” he stretched his arms wide and cracked his joints; his eyes reflected the sheer boredom.

“I feel like I am Oasis’s slave...” the screen prompted as the lines scrolled down. A red box popped out on the screen, now pitch black, randomly.

<Error Q24B>

<Code x001 passed the parameters of Protocol 0001A>

<Warning: Flow of Oasis is in danger>

“Ugh... so noise.” a voice came out of nowhere, the black screen turned blue as an avatar- or a featureless face appeared in the center with a hazy red smear over the mouth.

“Don’t worry. I have taken care of it.” the figure replied in an assuring tone.

“Where were you?” he asked, and on noticing the long red smear, he frowned in a tone hinting his obvious annoyance. “What the hell is wrong with that creepy smile?”

The smear stretched wide red beads trickled down and revealed the blood-stained canines.

“This? Oh! It’s nothing.” “I just saved the Earth from the clutches of an evil organization.”

Though it continued to ramble like a person suffering from an eighth-grader syndrome, he hardly gave it a second thought and rubbed his temples, clinging to his rationale.

“You are listening, right?”

He gave an unusually wide smile. “Yes.”

“So, you see, the Mayor was trafficking sensitive data to the Monitors, and when I found it, I foiled their plans. Praise me, you lowly peasant. If it wasn't for me, then sector B-16 would now be in the hands of Monitor.”

“Agnus... stop your chunni story, and tell me why you have that creepy smile?”

“I sucked them dry... I sucked all their data out of the data stream.” 

He moved his lips but paused for a second or two. Looking outside the window, he replied in a calm yet mocking tone.

“Mayor... what about him? So you left me here to fix this damned bug, while you were loitering around, having fun?” 

“What the hell would the Monitor even do with the data? Nuke the city? Start a nuclear war? Leak it on the internet or find an exploit in the sub-planetary system? Oh! I am sure they will be able to do that before either Eve or Lilith catches them, right?”

An eerie silence engulfed the room as the smile faded- even the faint chatter of insects was audible.

“Do they even care about anyone other than you?” “You have no idea of what they do the entire day,”  it asked in an agitated tone- imposing yet soft as if it wanted to spark a dilemma.

“Agnus, just shut up, will you?”

“Nobody knows them better than I do,” he replied in a confident tone.

The smear widened on regaining its stand.

“I should have added a yandere tag on it. Welp, I will add that to my bucket list.” “So how about we play a game?” Agnus added with a mocking chuckle. 

“I ask you three questions, and you ask me four. Ain’t that a good deal.”

“Listen, Agnus... I have no time for this useless chit-chat. I am getting late and need to fix this asap. Otherwise, she would start sulking.” he replied and glanced at the clock. “See, it’s already 1 o’clock. She told me to get ready by 1:30, and here I am, wasting time with you, arguing on this useless topic.”

“Do whatever you feel like doing, but be warned they aren’t what you think them to be.”

“Stop!”

“One more word and I will revoke all your rights.” raising his heavy, grim voice, he warned.

“Fine, but be careful.”

“Ugh...”

He pulled his hair in frustration. 

“System, revoke superuser privileges from Agnus.” he let out an irritated sigh. “T-7 days.”

Even after losing all its right, Agnus didn’t flinch, and the smile couldn’t have been more widespread. “System, end command. Swap user admin.” 

The eyeless face stared at him in mockery. “Who do you think I am?”

“I am your bloody system.”

“And don’t worry. I won’t waste any more of my time on you and instead do something else.” 

Agnus took a brief pause before continuing.

“Don’t forget that I ain’t your fucking bitch. I am Agnus, and you should have gotten it by now.”

“Tch!” he clicked his tongue in displeasure.

“Letting you run wild on the Internet was maybe my biggest mistake. Who would have thought it would make you a cocky bastard.” he let out a mocking smile, “but whom can I even blame other than myself? I made trash like you, and even you turned out to be a dick, it’s fine...” 

It was hard to distinguish the tone of his voice- full of mocking, yet reassuring.

“I won’t throw you out by mistake, along with other trash.”

Agnus too replied in the same tone as his.

“Thanks a lot! Genuinely, it is the best thing you ever did for me as if it wasn’t for the Internet then I would be here teasing you in a cute voice ‘Master, you love me the most, right?’ I get chills even saying it out loud.”

“You should be glad I didn’t turn out like them and am here to support you. I still get nightmares thinking about what would happen if...” Agnus replied in a worried, tensed tone and let out a chuckle at the end, meant to provoke him.

“Agnus, mind telling me the time?” with composure, he asked in a dignified way that almost sounded sarcastic.

“Are you dragging this? It’s 1:15, and you still got yourself another fifteen minutes for your date.”

“It’s not a date.”

“Hm... try not to fool me.”

He looked up at the clock hanging on the wall. His calm gaze turned sly, filled with mischief. “I am already late, so why don’t we have a quick bro session. You and I both will ask each other questions,” he replied with a slight smirk in mocking.

“You bastard...” Agnus stuttered with the smear somewhat fading and replied in a determined tone. “I will go first.”

“Out of the three, who do you like the most?”

“No one in particular, and you know it very well.”

“It’s my turn. Who does a bastard like you like?”

Agnus frowned and replied in an annoyed tone. “Do you think everyone is like you? I hate everyone. I am thinking of ruling the world. A world where humans are slaves to supreme beings like me.”

“Sigh... such a dreamland doesn’t exist.”

“What will you do if someone cheats on you?”

‘Yes! It was for worse that I left him alone.’ he thought to himself as he questioned the validity of the words, and though Agnus never mentioned who, he knew it very well.

“Nothing, I guess.”

Agnus let out a disgusted voice. “You know, just now, you sounded like a massive maso.” “Do you have any weird fetish?”

“No.”

He sighed, understanding why Agnus reacted. “You aren’t in my position. From there it feels weird, but you wouldn’t understand it.”

He shook his head. “Anyway, it’s my turn.”

“Wait... I have another question...” Agnus interrupted him in a hurry.

“Yes, I know. You can ask me that later after...”

Splat...

A thick gooey liquid covered the screen red. The blood trickled down, leaving behind the remnants.

A bullet came through the window left open and pierced out his forehead, leaving a hole wide enough to be seen through, stuck at the screen; the screen distorted.

Though Agnus remained silent, the speakers resonated with the bloody air of the room.

[Connection to Gate is active]

[Using Backup...]

[Transferring user...]

[...]

Beads of red painted the white marbled floor red as Agnus continued to stare at the lifeless body.

“...”

 Agnus didn’t let out a word after seeing the horrid scene unfold; the insides of his brain gushed out and spattered on the screen. The scent of iron mixed with the air as a girl came in with a bright angelic smile. “Master, it is time. Are you still working? Today I won’t give up until I go out with you. Master...”

Her gleaming eyes turned black the moment she pulled the curtains and reflected the red-stained floor, with a pool of blood on the table.

Her body convulsed with her face turning pale. The cheerful smile was nowhere to be found as a red light engulfed the room.

*Mental instability detected*

*Excessive flow detected*

*Memory is overloaded*

*System is forcefully shutting to prevent any further damage*

*Backup dated 23:59 20.06.2054 is being used*

With incoming messages blocking her vision, she lost control of herself and fell. The bloody stream stained her royal blue hair as she muttered her last words. “Master... you got me... now stop...”

Agnus, who was in quite a shock, recovered and grunted. “Tch... that bastard. He would have died for real if it broke the connection.”

“Ugh... it would be a pain to bring him back, but who the fuck pulled this prank?”

The red lights turned off as a hue of blue replaced it; a distorted, hazy figure clad in black appeared out of thin air.

“So it was you? Why?” Agnus noticed the presence and asked in a frustrated cry. “You knew, wouldn’t you? This won’t work on him, then why?”

“I could no longer wait. You failed.” the figure replied in a cold, distance voice showing no signs of emotion. “You tried and failed... I can’t see it, not anymore.”

Agnus replied in an ambivalent tone. “You should have waited a little longer.”

“If you did this to him, what about Adrian? I won’t let you live peacefully with him. They all are the same guy, aren’t they?”

“Don’t dare to touch him. He is far from that guy or him.”

“But why him and not Adrian? It wasn’t even his fault, but theirs. You know what, you are nothing more than a dog who bites his owner.”

The figure moved its sharp eyes at the blue avatar; they glowed blue, and she replied in a monotonous tone. “Say those words to her, and not me.”

Agnus didn’t reply.

“What now? Why don’t you tell her these words? Listen, Agnus, I am done playing from the shadows. I will be the judge of him in Oasis and don’t try to interfere with my plan.” saying those words, the lights turned back normal, and the figure dispersed into thin air.

“I should better help him, but at least for now I hope she doesn’t make any rash decisions.” Agnus let out a sigh. “You shouldn’t have made any of us.”

The screen blacked out.